Introduction
Our world have 5 cubes, a grass plane, and a skybox
On mouse click, we toggle an animation on the cubes,
the cubes will be rotating randomly.
Then in 5 seconds, one of the cubes will be randomly selected
This cube will change its texture.
The user must select the number of the cube that was selected using the keyboard
When the user selects correctly, the rest of the cubes will be removed.
Then only the selected cube will show for 3 seconds along with a shower of particles
and a celebratory sound effect.
The game then restarts.

User Guide
The user have two cameras.
Camera1 (inital camera) - free to move around the world,
z,x,c, to roll, pitch, and yaw.
Arrows to move around freely - only on camera 1
Press A to switch between cameras.
Which stays at the inital location where all 5 cubes can be viewed.

To start the game, the user clicks on any object with the mouse
All five cubes will start moving in random directions
In 5 seconds, one of the cube will change its texture and lighting.
The user must select the number of the cube that changed its texture.

After selecting the right cube
The rest of the cube will disappear showing only the selected cube

Then in 3 seconds, the rest of the cubes will appear again
Which can restart the game.

Technical/Implementation Details/Notes
Used the skybox, cube, and plane code from previous HW.
Using rand() function to do most of the randomly selecting features
Such as moving up and down, and randomly select the cube for the game
By using vectors, we were able to remove cubes and add cubes back for the disappear and reappear feature.
Followed Slide directions for implementation of the particles. 
One thing that was missing from the slides was the use program, which was creating a bug for the longest time. 


Work Allocation
De -
HW6 Code inital code
Adding cubes
Moving the Cubes
Added both cameras
Randomly Select Cube
Disappearing and reappearing Cube once selected
Advance Feature - Particle, fixed issues, help implement

Robert -
Texture to the five cubes + texture for blank
Change Texture and Light on selected Cube
Keyboard selection
Advance Feature - Particle
Sound effect



Citations
Angel 6th Edition 
CS 432 Graphics Slides.